247 appd use of interop (#731)
finos/FDC3: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `localizedVersions` field to AppD application records to support localized versions of descriptive fields in the app records and alternative launch details for localized versions of the applications themselves. ([#670](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/670))
* Added `type` and `details` elements to AppD application records to support vendor-agnostic launch details for both web and native apps ([#671](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/671))
* Added `categories` field and recommended categories list to AppD application records to enable category based browsing of AppDs ([#673](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/673))

> * Added `interopUse` field to AppD application records to describe an app's use of FDC3 and enable search for apps that 'interoperate' with a selected app ([#697](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/697))

Author: ```suggestion
* Added `raiseIntent`, `raiseIntentForContext`, appChannels`, and `userChannels` fields to AppD application records to describe an app's use of FDC3 and enable search for apps that 'interoperate' with a selected app ([#697](https://github.com/finos/FDC3/pull/697))
```
